Refactor redshift & postgres crawlers using system catalogs [sc-5078] (#133)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/redshift/README.md

## Setup

> The connector extracts the metadata from [system catalogs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/c_intro_catalog_views.html), with restricted access to system tables and additional `SELECT` [privilege](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-priv.html) to `pg_catalog.svv_table_info`. Use `GRANT SELECT ON pg_catalog.svv_table_info TO [User];` to grant permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector extracts the metadata from [system catalogs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/c_intro_catalog_views.html), with restricted access to system tables and additional `SELECT` [privilege](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-priv.html) to `pg_catalog.svv_table_info`.

Use the following command to grant the permission:

``` 
GRANT SELECT ON pg_catalog.svv_table_info TO <user>;
```
```

Reviewer: Embedding code block within suggestion doesn't work well but hopefully you get my point.
